Add validation rules enricher configuration documentation (#375)
yiisoft/form: docs/guide/en/validation-rules-enrichment.md

\Yiisoft\Form\Theme\ThemeContainer::initialize(validationRulesEnricher: new MyValidationRulesEnricher());
```

> Alternatively, you can configure it through the configuration array:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can configure it through the package configuration parameters:
```
